Rebecca chambers I think is one of the
most underappreciated characters in the
entire Resident Evil series the only
surviving stars bravo team member her
obvious and experience combined with her
ability to come in clutch just made her
a very likable character oh she did
eventually get her own game it was just
a prequel and I had always wished that
they would do something more with her
story after the mansion and like the
other characters in the first Resident
Evil game the actress behind her
live-action scenes remain shrouded in
mystery for decades credited only as
Linda and with far less screen time than
a lot of the other characters fans
weren't left with much to work with
yet somehow after years and years of
investigation this mystery has finally
been put to rest so in this episode of
gaming mysteries let's take a look at
the search for Rebecca chambers before I
get started I just want to plug my new
video on story fire about the time
reddit users identified the wrong person
as the Boston bomber compared to some of
the other things I've done on there it
doesn't seem as crazy but it's
definitely something that would get
buried if I put it on YouTube so go
check it out the link will be in the
pinned comments recently a lot of my old
Resident Evil videos have been find
their way into YouTube's recommended and
as a result a lot of you who have been
asking about the other voice actors that
I didn't cover and although there's
still a few of them that are unaccounted
for one of my favorites Rebecca Chambers
has actually been found somewhat
recently as the only surviving member of
Bravo Team Rebecca didn't appear in the
opening sequence in the woods she first
shows up in that super 80s cast of
characters montage and then Linda's
scene again in the helicopter if Chris
saves her as with most of these actors
the search starts not with the live
actors themselves but with the voice
cast who were also uncredited and
Rebecca's voice actress was actually one
of the first ones found she was voiced
by Lynn Harris who you might recognize
from Time Crisis
hold it
and as it turns out not only did she
also voiced the self-destruct sequence
[Music]
she was also central to the game's
development as the voice acting director
this put her in a prime position to
identify the other actors something that
she did help do when she was contacted
by the owner of the raccoon stars blog
and after it became more well-known that
was Lynn Harris who provided the voice
of Rebecca chambers of rumor started
that she was also the live actress and I
can kind of see the logic in that I mean
Linda could very well be an alias for
Lynn but unlike with Barry's voice actor
the resemblance wasn't quite there and
it would be confirmed later on in an
interview with Barry's voice actor that
Lynn was only a part of the voice crew
and had nothing to do with live-action
scenes and although a lot of the live
actors and resume all generated a lot of
potential suspects they were far fewer
for Rebecca in fact the most persistent
rumor was that Rebecca chambers was
played by kari byron from Mythbusters
this was a rumor that didn't really seem
to be based on that much evidence so
much it was just that the kind of
look-alike and I see a little bit of
resemblance but not so much that I would
consider this a hot lead and if she did
in fact portray Rebecca I can't help but
feel this would be a thing she would
have spoken about and it would be one of
those things that's just like a commonly
known piece of pop-culture trivia
regardless alessandro Kanzi the owner of
games and movie block contacted her
agent for confirmation although her
agent never responded another theory
that developed involved an unknown
actress named Linda Rodriguez this
theory stemmed from an absolutely
gloriously shot your mouth horrendous
they just told us any location without
intention there is no meaning behind
this location game known as deep freeze
this game which had some of the same
voice towns as Resident Evil had a
section in its end credits labeled
actors in this section which was
separate from the motion capture artists
and the voice artistes
there's a credit to someone named Linda
Rodriguez fueling speculation that Linda
Rodriguez was ARRA Linda but the thing
about deep freeze is that there are no
live action sequences it's all CG
although it's not really clear why the
actors were separate from the voice
artistes I imagine it's just because
they had a more active role in the story
it was more involved so it bumped them
up from artiste to actor
none of these leads were great leads and
the search would kind of meander on for
years and years until March of 2019 it
was in March of 2019 that Fred derf of
the raccoon stars blog was put in
contact with a woman named Linda X
presumably no relation to Malcolm X and
after getting in touch with Linda X Fred
would publish this picture oh yeah that
is definitely Rebekah he also published
an interview where she spoke about the
shoot hello Linda I'm contacting you
because I believe that you are one of
the uncredited actress who played the
character Rebecca chambers in the
Japanese video game known as biohazard
and Resident Evil oversees the filming
occurred in Tokyo during the year 1995
you can check out the making of and life
cutscenes there you will remain
anonymous as long as you wish it and
keep your privacy thanks very much for
your time hi Fred what a surprise
you know I've never seen this so it was
so nice to finally get a chance to see
it I was really young when I did the
shoot and never saw half of my work so
thank you could you tell us what you
remember about the filming and how you
got the job I'll tell you one thing the
job was loads of fun back in the day
this kind of stuff was still fairly
advanced in high tech I remember going
to the shoot and they had these amazing
man-made machine Dobermans they are
really lifelike I also was blonde my
hair wasn't the right color for the job
so they dyed it they spray-painted it
some pinkish brown color
I remember the staff being very kind it
was a nice job easy the Japanese are
generally extremely kind being a
foreigner white blond skinny with blue
eyes in the 90s was dreamy I won't lie
you get a lot of attention and people
just love you she also spoke about what
it was like to be doing this
work in general in Japan so I felt very
happy in Japan life was easy I went to
10 to 15 casting every day so I have no
idea when I saw them or if they went
directly with our agency and only choose
model with our agency there is a casting
sheet in the model van when you drive
around from morning till dawn every
single day usually from 10:00 until 8:00
p.m. going on castings auditions the
sheet would be very basic ten o'clock
lingerie 12 o'clock magazine 13
commercial four mornings and so on there
were regular clients and huge callicles
hair jobs catalog jobs fred would also
try to find leads regarding the other
actors you have a good memory do you
remember anything about Jason and Ynez
maybe you remember their accent I guess
everyone was talking in English on set I
mean the actors talking with each other
I think it was American they were nice I
was a lot younger so I remember them
looking like adults compared to me I had
smaller bones I was thin I remember she
looks like a woman not like a model more
healthy and average pretty but not model
type she had a body and usually girls
like that didn't work well she was
taller I was still very young I felt
like they are older and our roles were
different so much in the shoot we
weren't together and then you know all
these years people are looking for one
of the most legendary game series of all
time you got to ask the question did you
know that this video game became a huge
and popular franchise one of the
best-selling worldwide this question is
dedicated to the people who still call
us stalkers and creeps I had no idea I
didn't even remember that I was in it
until you showed up I went in to do
other jobs so many jobs Sony Toshiba car
commercials but I love my time in Japan
best years of my life and that seems to
be a pretty consistent story with these
actors they wanted to do so many
different jobs that Resident Evil was
just one of many things and there you go
Linda the actress for Rebecca chambers
found that as I understand it fred
intends to ask her some more questions
in the future as for the other actors
Ynez who played Jill is still being look
for as Jason who played Joseph
in the intro so if you have any leads on
that contact either me or the guys at
the rectum stars blog and if you like
this video I plan on covering the other
actors that have made videos on yet and
until then check out my other videos on
voice actors come out of here
[Music]